Fix #124 Require parenthesis around clone() (#137)
php-fig/per-coding-style: spec.md

$result = foo() ?? exit();
```

> The `clone()` function MUST always be called with parenthesis, even when the optional `$withProperties` argument is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clone` language construct MUST always be called with parenthesis, even when the optional `$withProperties` argument is
```

`clone` is not a function but a language construct, otherwise it couldn't be called without parenthesis....

Author: Yes, my first draft used *language construct*, but then I checked the RFC and I found:

> We propose to change clone from a standalone keyword to a language construct that optionally accepts a second [array](http://www.php.net/array) parameter.

and:

> By promoting clone to a function, it will also be possible to use it as a callable. E.g., in [array_map](http://www.php.net/array_map). Promoting clone to a function also simplifies the implementation considerably.

Being consistent with the paragraph about `exit()` and `die()`, I chose to use *function* here too.

> The `clone()` function SHOULD always be called with parenthesis, even when the optional `$withProperties` argument is

Reviewer 2: Why a SHOULD?  I would expect a MUST here, since it becomes a language-enforced MUST eventually.

> not provided. For example:

Author: @jrfnl How about something along the lines of

```suggestion
not provided. As such, it follows the same rules as function calls. For example:
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure it needs to be spelled out as this paragraph is within the "function and method call" section anyway, but I just wanted to clarify to avoid ending up with discussions about this in the PHPCS repo later on.
